Mr. Zhang, how is the divorce contract you want?
Death penalty spirit goes abroad
At the same time, you will be compensated 10 million for your mental damage
Oh.
Those who have the courage to betray me
You have to bear the consequences of betrayal
Please contact that woman tomorrow.
Let him initiate divorce
I promise you.
Let him take the initiative to remind
I didn't say I wouldn't let the lawyer remind him to wake up
Mr. Zhan, you are looking for me.
Tonight.
You accompany me to a strange new wedding reception
Mr. Zhan, you are not angry with me anymore
Same name as that disgusting woman
No wonder she
Miss Si, may I invite you to a dance?
Ride on, sorry?
I can't dance.
I can teach you.
before you
Didn't you ask me if I had a boyfriend?
Are you pretending to have a boyfriend and trying to reject me?
I don't have a boyfriend.
Then I can chase you.
I have a husband
The first time I heard a woman
Reject me for such a reason
Haha, I'm really not interested in you.
Not now.
There will never be
So don't waste your time on me
Hahaha, as the master, you don't recruit soldiers.
Said my little assistant was hiding here chatting
When did he come?
How much did he hear when I left Qi Meng just now?